the atlas gives you and finally the third one
the consecutive to the basilii otello
redemption flush also rome
dragged by a super matt hardy who
despite the flu state
had prevented training during the week
does triplet
but the first ring is in the
carrarini boys is the fifth when
sebastianelli cross from the lane of
right barbolini who sees his right
slide off to the side
despite the danger of the boys
vivo casa bring you forward to the
sixteenth magaldi takes advantage of sending
a certain of the master to steal speaks
at number 5 of the cloth but also to evade
toxic marking
the number 9 red green and can so
insert the ball to the corner giving
start to his personal show works
but the right axis is host to the 18th
bishops launch for sebastian is there that
find a careful additive bags
almost close to the half hour
beginning of sebastianelli the object he does
still the reflections of bags
denies the joy of scoring
the adriatic trust and return the head
before the 33rd the punishment from the
left and intercepted life e
on the other rome, however, they have many
blow the ball and foster new su
which the angel rejects
the rhythms place in the first half
but from the difa on the launch of the midfield
go to a high and toxic and concludes
but an angel is not surprising
on the inversion of live bondi
bird ladder that steals time a
lubecca and serves zaia on which he intervenes
promptly the tragic bags
final was not put now is the fourth
after the network of the doubling of caprio
they can assist the kiss for Naples
that is between corn and toxic and is
been frost for the second time
the only one of the number 9 of messer now if
but still far from ending
sixteenth when the punishment of the
right corridor after a beat e
reply well intercepted by mutants who
fits better for just the rest
on which an angel can do nothing but
watch the ball settle at the bottom
riser
the hosts will remain that
mm in the twentieth century ceccarini said
in fact the double yellow and is forced
to go ahead under the
shower
the real but takes advantage of the extra man
minute later when the kick of
sebastian's punishment is there because in
toxic air slips sends out
to divide has a good chance to
close the race at the 28th
scopetti leaves marzio and rhinestones al
center where there is a thesis it finds
the opposition of an angel still number
8 rossoverde tries two rounds of
hands and firecrackers but also this time
d'angelo defends itself well for a corner
the last thrill of the house awaits though
guests and the 33rd when cloaks
short exchange with sebastian entities yes
central explode a right that
accomplice a rebound surprises bags
ends here with the goal of the number 11 of
put carrarini that only serves to
make it less bitter on Sunday mornings
inside the man
instead it smiles uras that touched from 15
points